hello this is a distress call
can you fly this plane no
true love
that's a gift unlike any other
it's all scary until you just do it
so why not just do it
this is your captain welcoming you to
ymit airfly227
you remember those lessons i used to
give you you ready to give it a go
make sure that the horizon stays level
right here i'm gonna turn off the
autopilot
look bruh
[Laughter]
he's having a heart attack
we have no pilot the autopilot's broken
we have no idea where we are
neither of us can land a plane hello can
anyone hear me this is a distress call
two two seven come in this is two two
seven you still got it in the air so
keep doing you're doing
holy look at that i see the storm
it's too big to go around you're gonna
have to play through it
that's our shot no going back let's get
off this plane
me
[Applause]
[Music]